fix: code of Conduct and License pages not show (#1057)
instructure/instructure-ui: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

### Enforcement

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the [project team](instui-dev@instructure.com). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Reviewer: For the link to work as an email, you have to prefix it with `mailto:` like this:

```suggestion
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be reported by contacting the [project team](mailto:instui-dev@instructure.com). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.
```
